feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/6564f834dd717998092cfd47.md

---
id: 6564f834dd717998092cfd47
title: Step 54
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-54
---

# --description--

> After your new comment, create a `for` loop to iterate over `constraints`. Use `constraint` and `pattern` as the iterating variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your new comment, write a `for` loop to iterate over the `constraints` list. Use `constraint` and `pattern` as the iterating variables.
```

# --hints--

> You should create a `for` loop to iterate over `constraints` with `constraint` and `pattern`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should write a `for` loop to iterate over the `constraints` list with `constraint` and `pattern`.
```
